Young Master, even if I wronged him
What can you do to me?
The entire security department is raised by the Zhao family
You wronged the Zhao family and were raided by the king
Security Section 8,000 guards
One mouthful of saliva
Can drown you trash
That's right, follow me to Mr. Zhao's house to intercede
Lest the brothers struggle
I had cut off the life of the Zhao family
Just for
Wake up to you heartless people
I didn't expect you to become even more unrepentant
Today I'm going to kill the grass and roots
Xiaoyu, who are you scaring?
I saw it all yesterday
You pretend to be the Dragon King and take off Miss Fan's veil
So angry that he can't wait to be fast except for the birds
You offended the Fan family and the Zhao family at the same time
Great Xia's top warriors
Even if I don't kill
Then Daxia has no way for you to survive
Hmph, you saw Miss Fan trying to kill me
Too bad you didn't read it all
Miss Fan is now my fiancee
We were passionate all night last night
I wanted to continue
I ran away because of you
Miss Fan has a bad temper
If she knew you had ruined her good deed
I can't control her temper
Little eyes, you are so shameless
I don't know what you look like.
You're not even a man
Dare to tarnish the reputation of the lady peddler
What Jiao'er Xiao Yan said is true
He is about to marry Miss Fan
I came today.
I'm here to buy a wedding dress for Xiao Yan
I suggest you still pee and look in the mirror
Look at yourself.
A poor store owner
A liar
Dare to sign with the offender
Xiao Yan, why don't you call Miss Fan over?
Let them meet my sister
My wife is taking a shower right now
Don't bother my wife with this scum
Hmm, you're still pretending to be addicted, aren't you?
Pass the order to pull this kid out for me and kill him
Women reward brothers
It's a kid, see clearly
This is to offend
The end of Zhao Gongzi
Hahaha
Just a section chief
So majestic